Progression policy update (#46)
confidential-computing/governance: project-progression-policy.md

a project may be admitted under and what the criteria and expectations are for a given
stage, as well as the acceptance criteria for a project to move from one stage to
another. It also describes the [Annual Review Process](#iv-annual-review-process)
through which those changes will be evaluated and made.

Project progression - movement from one stage to another - allows projects to participate at the level that is most appropriate for them given where they are in their lifecycle. Regardless of stage, all Consortium projects benefit from a deepened alignment with existing projects, and access to mentorship, support, and Consortium resources.

### Benefits of being a recognized CCC project

> Here are ways your project can benefit by becoming a CCC recognized project?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some ways a project can benefit by becoming a CCC-recognized project include:
```

> 1. Recognition - a Consortium project is recognized as meeting the goals of the Consortium, namely protecting data-in-use.
> 2. Community - the Consortium is fostering a community of like minded members
> 3. Participation - participate and lead in the ongoing development of the confidential computing paradigm. All projects are assigned a Mentor to assist in the integration of your project to the Consortium and growth beyond that.
> 4. Project Support - the Consortium can provide limited funds to support project communication and infrastructure costs for CI/CD.
> 5. Outreach - Part of the Consortium's mission is to promote the use of confidential computing with various communities and hence its recognized projects to deliver that outcome.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Recognition: A Consortium project is recognized as meeting the goals of the Consortium, namely protecting data-in-use.
2. Community: The Consortium is fostering a community of like-minded members.
3. Participation: Participate and lead in the ongoing development of the confidential computing paradigm. All projects are assigned a [Mentor](project-mentors.md) to assist in the integration of your project to the Consortium and growth beyond that.
4. Project Support: The Consortium can provide limited funds to support project communication and infrastructure costs for CI/CD.
5. Outreach: Part of the Consortium's mission is to promote the use of confidential computing with various communities and hence its recognized projects, to deliver that outcome.
```

## II. Project Proposal Process

### Introduction
This governance policy sets forth the proposal process for projects to be accepted into the Consortium. The process is the same for both existing projects which seek to move into the Consortium and new projects to be formed within the Consortium.

### Project Acceptance Process

> The acceptance process is a three-stage process first a technical review with the Technical Advisory Committee (TAC) followed by a legal review and finally a vote at the Governing Board.

Reviewer: My understanding is that the legal review and the TAC review can happen in either order.

Author: I think we should pick an order... it doesn't make sense to do a legal review if we're technically unhappy with the project.

Author: TAC Meeting 5/14 agreed that we would allow TAC and Legal processes to appear in parallel

**Technical Review**

Projects are required to present their proposal at a TAC meeting. This proposal should cover all the items in the [Project Progression Template](https://github.com/confidential-computing/governance/blob/master/project-progression-template.md).
* The TAC may ask for changes to bring the project into better alignment with the Confidential Computing Consortium (adding a governance document to a repository or adopting a Code of Conduct, for example).
* The project will need to make these changes in order to progress further.
* Projects are accepted or progress from level to level via a majority vote of TAC representatives present if quorum is reached or a majority of all TAC representatives if voting by email, unless a project is being accepted at or moved to either the Graduation or Emeritus stage, in which a vote of two-thirds of all TAC representatives is required.
* The TAC will determine the appropriate initial stage for the project. The project can apply for a different stage via the review process.

**Legal Review**

> As a submission is made to the TAC the Consortium will instruct its legal counsel to engage with the project proposer.

Reviewer: Based on board discussion, I suggest:
```suggestion
A project charter must be prepared, typically based on the [Technical Charter template](https://lists.confidentialcomputing.io/g/main/files/Governing%20Board/Docs/LF_Projects_Technical_Charter.pdf), and submitted for legal review.  This legal review may happen in parallel with the technical review.
```

**Governing Board Vote**

> Once both technical and legal reviews are completed satisfactorily the Governing Board will vote at its next available meeting. Upon acceptance by the board a project charter prepared. This charter document must be included in the project's main repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once both technical and legal reviews are completed satisfactorily the Governing Board will vote at its next available meeting. Upon acceptance by the board a project charter is prepared. This charter document must be included in the project's main repository.
```

> Once both technical and legal reviews are completed satisfactorily the Governing Board will vote at its next available meeting. Upon acceptance by the board a project charter is prepared. This charter document must be included in the project's main repository.

Reviewer: Based on board meeting discussion, I suggest:
```suggestion
Once both technical and legal reviews are completed satisfactorily the Governing Board will vote at its next available meeting. Upon acceptance by the board, the project charter document must be included in the project's main repository.
```
